quick fix
I don't want to see any more accidents. Hmm.
I will contact Yunyang immediately.
However, the vice president
There is something I need to clarify with you.
Divorce now has a cooling off period
Even if you both sign
There is still a one-month waiting period.
It's okay to ask him to sign first
Hello, Ms. Lin.
I'm solely responsible for the divorce
Just contact me directly in the future.
I want the money ASAP. Do you have time today?
Yes, I'm OK now.
I have something to do right now
Then we
Just make an appointment for the coffee shop downstairs of the company at noon today.
Let's meet
I hope Ms. Yu can save the appointment this time.